i love my dog because it is nice and happy.
a big dog is who i love.
the dog is nice and happy.
i love the dog and it is big.
my dog is big and nice.
the dog was nice and happy.
i am happy because my dog is nice.
a nice dog is who i love.
my dog is big and it is nice.
the dog was nice and it is big.
i love my dog and it is happy.
a nice dog is who i am happy because.
the dog is nice and i love it.
my dog is big and happy and nice.
i love the dog because it is nice.
a big and nice dog is my dog.
the dog is happy and it is nice.
my dog was nice and it is big.
i am happy because the dog is nice.
a dog is nice and i love it.
the dog is big and nice and happy.
my dog is nice and it was happy.
i love my dog and it is big.
a nice dog is who i love it.
the dog is big and it is nice.
my dog is happy and it was nice.
i am happy because my dog was nice.
a nice and happy dog is my dog.
the dog is nice and it is big.
my dog is nice and i love it.
the cat is not nice and i am not happy.
a small cat is who i do not love.
the cat is not nice and it is small.
i do not love the cat and it is small.
my cat is small and not nice.
the cat was not nice and not happy.
i am not happy because my cat is not nice.
a not nice cat is who i do not love.
my cat is small and it is not nice.
the cat was not nice and it is small.
i do not love my cat and it is not happy.
a not nice cat is who i am not happy because.
the cat is not nice and i do not love it.
my cat is small and not happy and not nice.
i do not love the cat because it is not nice.
a small and not nice cat is my cat.
the cat is not happy and it is not nice.
my cat was not nice and it is small.
i am not happy because the cat is not nice.
a cat is not nice and i do not love it.
the cat is small and not nice and not happy.
my cat is not nice and it was not happy.
i do not love my cat and it is small.
a not nice cat is who i do not love it.
the cat is small and it is not nice.
my cat is not happy and it was not nice.
i am not happy because my cat was not nice.
a not nice and not happy cat is my cat.
the cat is not nice and it is small.
my cat is not nice and i do not love it.
i love the dog because it is happy.
a nice dog is who i am happy.
the dog is nice and it is happy.
my dog is happy and i love it.
i love my dog and it was nice.
a big and happy dog is my dog.
the dog is big and it was nice.
my dog was big and it is nice.
i am happy because the dog was nice.
a dog is nice and happy and i love it.
the cat is small and it was not nice.
my cat was not nice and i do not love it.
i am not happy because my cat is small.
a small cat is who i do not love it.
the cat is not nice and not happy and small.
my cat is small and not nice and not happy.
i do not love the cat and it was not nice.
a not nice and small cat is my cat.
the cat is not nice and it is small and not happy.
my cat is not happy and it is not nice.
i love the dog because it is nice and big.
a nice and big dog is who i love.
the dog is nice and big and happy.
my dog is big and nice and it is happy.
i love my dog and it is nice and big.
a big dog is nice and i love it.
the dog was big and nice and happy.
my dog was nice and big and it is happy.
i am happy because the dog is big and nice.
a dog that is big and nice is who i love.
the cat is small and not nice and not happy.
my cat is not nice and not happy and it is small.
i am not happy because my cat is small and not nice.
a small cat that is not nice is who i do not love.
the cat is not nice and it is small and not happy.
my cat is small and it is not nice and not happy.
i do not love the cat because it is not nice and small.
a cat that is not nice and small is my cat.
the cat is not happy and not nice and it is small.
my cat is not nice and it is small and not happy.
i love the nice and happy dog.
a dog that is nice and happy is who i love.
the dog is nice and happy and i love it.
my dog is nice and happy and i love it.
i love my dog because it is nice and happy.
a happy and nice dog is my dog.
the dog is nice and happy and i love it.
my dog was nice and happy and it is big.
i am happy because my dog is nice and happy.
a dog that is nice and happy is who i love.
the cat is not nice and not happy.
my cat is not nice and it is not happy.
i am not happy because the cat is not nice.
a cat that is not nice is who i do not love.
the cat is not nice and not happy and i do not love it.
my cat is not nice and it is not happy and small.
i do not love the cat because it is not nice and not happy.
a cat that is not nice and not happy is my cat.
the cat is small and not nice and not happy.
my cat is not happy and not nice and it is small.
